okay so today I'm going to be teaching
you guys the basics of tweening and
what's its purpose now first off I'm
gonna make an object
there's my object and now it's gonna
make it into a symbol so the object
stays in one place and say I want to go
across the screen how I taught you guys
is to hit f6 move it a little move it a
little move it a little and this is very
time-consuming and just for it to go
across the screen rather quickly in fact
in one second because we're 24 frames
per second there's 24 frames that took
me about I'd say maybe a minute to make
and we have a wheel going across really
fast now say I want it like 60 frames
that take even longer and I'd have to be
slower with it more precise what
tweening does say we want at 60 frames
right click on 60 insert keyframe drag
this across the screen to where you want
it so I want it right about there and
then if we right click on this one then
do create classic tween then it does
this and that's what I wanted now we
could take that
and do this well bring that right about
there take both of these put them there
take the brush tool
and create
a car out of it
highlight it all make this a symbol
click okay then have it there go to
about 60 frames insert keyframe drag it
all the way over whoops
drag it all the way over there hit here
create classic tween make a new layer
give it a road
and give it a
background
like that
and then what we have is this so we have
a car going across like that now to do
that that would have took a lot longer
to get 60 frames to do that tweening
makes it nice and fast but another thing
tweening can do is this will always be
like this and now we could screw around
with the cymbals so if I click on the
car well double click on the car so now
I'm inside the car cymbal double click
on the wheels and I'm on the wheel
cymbal and then double click on it again
whoops actually not again highlight all
of it yeah highlight all of it zoom into
it get the transform tool hit f6 and
rotate it two times see how like well
like - like little like see how it stops
there and it stops there
so rotate it - to the right
f6 to the right again to the right again
so now this which was at top is now over
there f6 - to the right again to the
right again to the right again now the
wheel went 180 degrees to the right
again to the right again I screwed up a
little there but you won't be able to
see that that much - again - again -
again I now made 360 but the last one
actually you don't want to you want to
get rid of the last one making it 360 so
just remove that frame which is right
there and you want to stop where it's
right before it makes the 360 because
it's going to loop back over to the
first one which is already 360 degrees
so now if we click out of that because
we made that inside the symbol we also
made it for that wheel too
out of that zoom out and then if we were
to test the movie now it looks like a
car moving with wheels while the wheels
rotating and if we were to try to make
that in just doing frame after frame
after frame without any tweening
that would have taken probably about a
good 1 or 2 hours just to make it
perfect like this this took not even 10
minutes to make it and that's step one
of the basics of tweening